chore(clerk-js,shared): Increase sampling for ui components on keyless (#6514)
clerk/javascript: .changeset/slow-shoes-give.md

---
'@clerk/shared': minor
---

> Update `eventPrebuiltComponentMounted` and `eventPrebuiltComponentOpened` to accept a samplingRate.

Author: ```suggestion
Update TelemetryCollector to accept a `perEventSampling` property for controling per-event sampling rates.
```
